---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1ewsS7RE1ZtTICiieoA0KJo6G7trX23VBFWgP3fgpcdg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td><div>Coding with fuse boxes</div></td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td><div>09/10/17</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td><div>Assembling + working with the Fuse Boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td><div>To have made more progress with our Fuse Boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td><div>Yes</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Today, once again we were looking at working out Fuse Boxes. Today we used the same partners which we had last week, so I was with James again. Today, we made more progress that I was actually hoping to which made me quite proud. Like last week James and I swapped places for every 10 minutes meaning that we both got to read out the instructions and we both got to do the coding which I found more fun and easier. The effective strategies this time were not to talk with the groups around us, work as if we were dedicated to the task and we worked without any disruptions.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>There wasn't really anything today - for the first time ever - in which that limited our learning. The only thing that took time was when we had to get the equipment needed from Mr Ampah-Korsa and then we got set up and we started straight away. My habit that I need to work on is maybe to take control over the 2 of us and maybe help James a bit more as he was stuck on a few things meaning I did help him, but I should help him maybe more.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>For next time I will take control over the pair and maybe check if James knows what we are doing every few minutes so we don't have a long pause as that happened today as I think that I managed to go further than him so he had no idea what instructions I was giving so he didn’t know where we were at. Also I could make sure that we are going at the same speed so we both know what we are doing at the same time, together.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


