---
title: Blog 9
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-9/
source-id: 1hMKVN-XU_H-eKveJaMomiTvQbkq-wRqGd-mHNmzyle8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Coding with fuse boxes</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>20/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Assembling + working with the Fuse Boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have made more progress with our Fuse Boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, once again we were looking at working out Fuse Boxes. Today we used the same partners which we've had for the last few weeks once again. The way that I learnt was that today, James and myself stayed on the same task last week however we coded ourselves and didn’t completely copy out the instruction manual to code. As I said in last weeks blog, we were looking at how to code pictures except we copied the manual with its own pictures. Today we used graph paper to draw our own images and then code it creating it. The effective strategy was to work quickly without nobody distracting us.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, the one crucial thing which limited my learning was the time we had for this task. We had to stop at 13:15 again so we only got to code for about 35 minutes as Mr Ampah-Korsa we talking to us and at the end of the lesson we had to show Mr Ampah-Korsa our blogs. I think that the thing that I need to work on is maybe to try and be more concentrated on the work as we lost track of time and James at one point got to code for 15 minutes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, James and myself should hopefully be able to be more concentrated on the task and keep track of the time. Also I could improve my learning by maybe reading about the coding as I had done in the previous week. This really helped with me as we could skip a few bits. Hopefully we can move onto a different stage next week as we managed to master how to do the defchar code for the picture.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


