---
title: Blog 2
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1t-KHliLWZQ1lX4sjFxnL-GjMv60VgdwvB8_oKBNhf64
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td><div>Working out fuse boxes</div></td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td><div>18/09/17</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td><div>Learning about fuse boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td><div>To have made progress on my blog by using fuse boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td><div>No</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Today in our I.T lesson, We were looking at how to work out fuse boxes by using all of the right plugs and cables in the fuse box. Mr Ampah-Korsa showed us how to connect, the usb cable, the fuse and the pen drive (usb stick). He then showed us how to turn the fuse box on and connect it to the computer and use it as the monitor. The effective strategie were to listen and watch him carefully as he assembled the fuse box. In that way we managed to connect everything correctly.</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </p>/td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>The thing which limited my learning was the time we had to do the work. We actually only got ten minutes to do all of this work, as we had a whole school photo which interrupted our lesson. Also our fuse box was blocked so we had to disconnect our fuse box and connect it to another working one which wasn't blocked. This meant we didn’t get any of our work done so we actually had nothing to save onto my usb stick. So we have to start from scratch next week and hope it works.</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Next time I will try to ask the teacher and not wait and spend so much time trying to work out whether if it’s working or not. Also I should assemble the equipment next time a bit quicker as I know how to assemble it without looking at the instruction manual.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


