---
title: Blog 4
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1FQO2DJTEX9L1CUNHQW8BD8mj8-jS9dEyYP16-SZ6dII
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/10/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We have been using the Fuze boxes for 2 weeks now and I'm starting to get the hang of this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To continue with the Fuze box work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This is my 3 week using the Fuze boxes and I think that I'm starting to get the hang of it now. We moved on in the booklet and plugged the mouse in as well as the power cable and got started straight into the work in the booklet. Me and my NEW partners Cooper and Matthew took turns (as we always do) driving and navigating. We carried on with our work until we got to a point where we had broken the code. We tried hard to fix it but needed to consult the manual.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We dwelled on the same part of the work to test out how far it could go. Adding all sorts of different questions and then we moved on. If we had moved on sooner we would have meant that we could have gone a bit further in the booklet. Other from that I think I need to focus more on my own work other than also looking at others to see what they've done. I don't think apart from those two there were more things.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I already said I need to improve my focus on my own work so I don’t miss something or waste time or get into trouble. As wellas not dwelling on things that don’t need to be dwelled on. Only those are the main things that I would improve on for next lesson for I.T on Monday.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


