---
title: Blog 6
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1SWTmibi9UVRqfFzGVp5kM40OZwx81nrLpTUPNcDZwJc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>See how far you can get with the Fuze boxes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To just continue with my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As this was are 5th week using the Fuze boxes we knew what we were doing we got the cables and the Fuze box from Mr Ampah-Korsah plugged it all in and started working. We were onto making icons and decided to make them in different colours. We made a random one, a heart, a space invader, Santa Claus, an upside down man and 2 more. We tried to make more but 7 was the limit without breaking the code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that as I am definitely improving every lesson their is becoming less and less and less for me to work on we just get on with it get as far as we can in the lesson then go to lunch. This week I have no clue what to improve on so I'm just going to go with last week's one. It's not that I’m doing perfectly I just can't think of anything to write or that i’ve done wrong that's new. So I’m going with last week's one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I said last week and last blog I will improve on focusing on my own work so that I won’t miss anything. As well as not dwelling on things that don’t need to be dwelled on. Those are the main things that I would improve on for next lesson for I.T on Monday.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


