---
title: Blog 6
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1Lz3HD58y-zSc4aG2wAVUu7GdxKpf-gF8GXb6tn6IvbM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td><div>Coding with fuse boxes</div></td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td><div>16/10/17</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td><div>Assembling + working with the Fuse Boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td><div>To have made progress with our Fuse Boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td><div>Yes</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Today, once again we were looking at working out Fuse Boxes. Today we used the same partners which we've had for the last 2 weeks. Today, James and Myself made very good progress with the fuse boxes, we made more progress than I had actually expected to. Using the fuse boxes today taught us how to create a kind of robot thing in the fuse boxes. We made it as if we were typing into the computer and somebody real was typing back. It is very cool. We were working on this for the past few weeks, but now we know how to make a simple piece of code without using the instruction booklet.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>I guess the thing which limited my learning today was that we didn't really have that much time. Well it seems like we did but the time in our I.T lessons really just fly. We did manage to make the piece of code without breaking it, however it seems like we didn’t make it that long to type into the computer and talk to it. We only just figured it out towards the end of the lesson, however we could now make a whole piece of code for someone to talk to for next time.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>For next time I'll take control more timekeeping for the pair as at the end of the lesson, I wasn’t keeping track of time and James got his and almost all of my slot for the coding part of things. We did agree though for the next time though, I will get a longer go at the coding just to make it more fair as a lot of people, including James and myself love to code much more than being the navigator and telling the other person what to write/do. Also at the end of the lesson, the whole class looked at everyone’s blogs and he said what we could do to improve them. I need to created another blog post (which is the 1st one before this) what I could do to improve the features for the current one.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


