---
title: Blog 11
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /copy-of-blog-11/
source-id: 1cxZcpUFAog7NYlQV6RL4PhAG7DWBubdtdydel0RiO-g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Coding with fuse boxes</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>04/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Assembling + working with the Fuse Boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have made more progress with our Fuse Boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Partially</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, once again we were looking at working out Fuse Boxes. Today we used the same partners which we've had for the last few weeks once again. Today we successfully got onto the stage of setting up the electrical component kit. We had to insert the cables in the right places in the fuse box. This was hard as the pictures shown in the manual were very hard to make out where they went. The effective strategies were to work quickly.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited James' and my work was that we could not make out where to put the cables. We needed help in the end where to put the cables - so did some other groups. The habits I need to work on are to communicate more with James as we did not really work together.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the next lesson we have, we can communicate more by telling each other what to do and also we could work more quickly as we did not focus as much as we could have during the task. I could improve my learning by asking my peers on how to set up the flashing lights more quickly. Also I took a few photos on us successfully creating the flashing lights. Unfortunately, I do not know how to upload pictures onto my blog yet so here are the links for a video and a picture showing a flashing fuse box. The picture is <a><k>https://drive.google.com/file/d/16kCLYLXPQ5XlJxQN25t_58hCOOAYqGcN/view</k></a> and the video is <a>https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ct-ZaPLAwQXIuc3rnpwoEfaFMF6Zi4mm/view</a>.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


