---
title: Blog 10
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-10/
source-id: 11jZlGqtj_uhOIoL5pERDmPK-on4VMm5Dk4ZRwP6Pj44
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Coding with fuse boxes</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>27/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Assembling + working with the Fuse Boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have made more progress with our Fuse Boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Partially</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, once again we were looking at working out Fuse Boxes. Today we used the same partners which we've had for the last few weeks once again. The way that I learnt was that today, we learnt to code a game where you have to guess a number between 1 and 100 with 10 available guesses. James and myself managed to successfully code and create this game. This made us very proud of ourselves. The effective strategy was to work quickly by concentrating and not getting involved with other groups.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, the one thing which limited my learning was that I didn't really work as quick as I could have. I have worked quicker in other lessons but today I did not know what happened to myself. The habits I need to work on are to actually wake up more during the lesson due to the fact that I really didn’t know what I was doing this lesson. At some points I kept pressing the wrong keys and couldn’t type.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, hopefully we can move on to the next stage and then we can be able to move onto lighting up/ setting up the fuse box which is actually the stage in which the class should actually be on. James and myself are pretty far behind so we need to work double the speed. I could improve my learning by researching ahead on how to complete the next few stages. This is very helpful as now, all the work we have done, I can write it from scratch without the manual.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


