---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1dcadeZrdBVt7ev3QNIcQKi-RGrUjn1SyPOJaNKgylsM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have completed 1.1 and 1.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This is our 4 week on the Fuze boxes and we did what we are now always starting to do moved on in the booklet and plugged the mouse in as well as the power cable and got started straight into the work in the booklet. Me, Cooper and Matthew took turns (as we always do) driving and navigating.  Today we were working on questioning like last week but we changed the colours and added icons as well as even more questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>You know what this week I'm not quite sure actually what to work on so i’m just going to improve on something. I think in my group we need to talk less about un-work-related stuff or talk about possible problems when we get there because sometimes we talk about problems and they just don’t happen. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like I said this week I’m not quite sure what to work on so, in my group we need to talk less about un-work-related stuff or talk about possible problems. I also need to carry on improving on my focusing on my own work even though this week I did it a lot less.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


