---
title: Blog 4
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1IGnfBbJOQemjmV0OFEyzIziHlU2CHtZHdxzW8Z9ozww
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> Title:</td>
    <td><div>Coding with fuse boxes</div></td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td><div>02/10/17</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td><div>Assembling + working with the Fuse Boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td><div>To have made progress with our Fuse Boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td><div>Partially, I made some progress but not as much as I had hoped to</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Today in our I.T lesson, once again, we were looking at how to work out fuse boxes by using all of the right plugs and cables in the fuse boxes. Today was different however, Mr Ampah-Korsa actually swapped everyone around in the groups so he could see how well we got on with other people, today I was with another person called James Gavin. He sits next to me in most classes though as he is the person after me in the register. Anyway today I actually made progress without having any trouble or any failure. This time I actually made progress though as I was reading the manual and he was coding, we then swapped every 10 minutes. Our effective strategy was to work quickly - which is what we actually did.</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>The thing that limited my learning today was that about 25 minutes to actually do the work as for quite some time, we were looking at the classes blog posts. Also it took about 10 minutes altogether to pack away at the end of the lesson and get our equipment at the beginning of the lesson. The habits I need to work on are to possibly maybe work a bit quicker as we did waste some time assembling our equipment, however we did have some trouble assembling as the USB stick was the wrong one so we had to turn off in restart the computer first.</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Next time I am just going to carry on with the work I started this lesson as it is all saved to my Penn drive. Also maybe I could work a bit quicker and as I know how to assemble the fuse box, then I can not get stuck with anything and get straight to the work. Also when we were looking at our blogs and mine was shown, he said it was good content and colour, it's just that I need to maybe choose a more appropriate background as right now it is a banana as a cheerleader, which really is kind of for younger people than our age as I am in year 8 so maybe I need to show that I’m more serious about the blog.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


