---
title: Blog 1
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-1/
source-id: 1wcyK0c-N0OXi0z50IK6sSeQ1baCo7hywLJmFIxXvt4g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Setting up my blog</td>
    
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/09/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Making my new repository</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> To have made the blog</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things I learnt how to delete my repository and make a new one using a website called Github. Github is a website where you can make your own blog using only a few simple steps. I had a blog previously, before this but as I am starting a new year of school, I am deleting my old blog and creating a new one. In my blog I will talk to you about each of the things I do in my IT lessons in school - weekly as that's how often we have our lesson. The effective strategies that I used were to work quickly  and sufficiently to get on with the work. Also an effective strategy was using our Ipads to follow the instructions on, while we did it on the computer, we didn’t have to keep flicking tabs on the computer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing which limited my learning was the time we had to do the work. I had to finish it off at home as I didn’t get to finish it in school, during the lesson. The habits I need to work on are that I shouldn’t spend too much time trying to figure out what I should do with my work as I took quite long to decide what to actually call my new blog as most names were already taken.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to maybe work quicker to do the work and not leave it to do at home. I could improve my learning by experimenting with the types of backgrounds and feature of my blog as it shows that I have put a lot of effort into the given work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


