---
title: Blog 8
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-8/
source-id: 1BulypBzV8vgVIMf9k5TDcVrxkd0bZV9hYtor0ogRWs8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td><div>Coding with fuse boxes</div></td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td><div>13/11/17</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td><div>Assembling + working with the Fuse Boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td><div>To have made more progress with our Fuse Boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td><div>Yes</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Today, once again we were looking at working out Fuse Boxes. Today we used the same partners which we've had for the last few weeks once again. Today, I was in partners with James once again. The ways that I learnt were that we have moved onto stage 4 now in the coding instruction manual. We are also learning how to create pictures using the coding which is really fascinating to learn about and makes our I.T lessons more fun. The effective strategies were working quickly as we have the other weeks. Also we had to push ourselves today meaning that we were more concentrated during the given time.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Today, the one crucial thing which limited my learning was the time we had for this task. At the beginning of the lesson, Mr Ampah-Korsa was talking for about 5 minutes so we only started the work at 12:40 (our lesson starts at 11:30 and ends at 12:30). Also we had to pack up at 12:15 (so he could check our blogs) so we only got to work for 35 minutes. There are not any habits in which I want to work on for myself due to the fact that I was 100% pleased with myself and I don't think that there is anything I could’ve done more in the lesson.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Next time, James and myself can hopefully work at the same speed we did today and get more done. This is because we will hopefully have more time given next I.T lesson meaning that if we worked the pace we worked today, we could get make some great progress. Also today I got a bit muddled up in some places due to the fact that I was looking at the wrong piece of code I was trying to type in. This is the only mistake I made this lesson but it didn't take up that much time. I could improve my learning by maybe researching and reading more about how to code with the pictures using our Fuse boxes. This could hopefully progress us even further with extra knowledge.</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


