---
title: blog 7
layout: post
author: kayan.soomro
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1-1QW8yLbGPzKJdhpD6Bc7D7QFCZx9twEcLOex--A880
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>See how far you can get with the Fuze boxes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To just continue with my work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We finally made it into week 6 of our Fuze box workout. We went and collected our Fuze boxes and our cables from Mr Ampah-Korsah. We went per usual in our group number which is 8. I got the cables, Cooper got the Fuze box and Matthew plugged them in. Then we got straight into the work in the Fuze box manual. Today we started trying to make a guessing game where you have to guess a number 1 to 100 and see if you get it right.   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Again I think as this as following a pattern but I still don't really quite know yet what I need to do except for the same thing as last week so just like last week and the week before I need to improve on not dwelling on the same thing for a long time or as I also said last week about my getting distracted easily and needing to move on quicker so we can do even more work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I said now for 2 weeks running and above in the last paragraph I will improve on focusing on my own work so I can get further than I would have on the I.T work. As well as not dwelling on things that don’t need to be dwelled on. Those are the like I said last week the main things that I would improve on for next lesson for I.T on Monday.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


