---
title: Blog 7
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1AmX4gO7D9iiRPZswkX1KN6NuF-hx13d7XYg4lKY_dnc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Coding with fuse boxes</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>06/11/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Assembling + working with the Fuse Boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have made more progress with our Fuse Boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, once again we were looking at working out Fuse Boxes. Today we used the same partners which we've had for the last few weeks once again. Today was the day that I have been the most pleased with myself about throughout all of my I.T lessons so far with Mr Ampah-Korsa. Last time, we (James and myself) managed to create the code for someone to basically talk to the computer, however last time we only completed the code for a few questions. Today we managed to progress with this and you could talk to the computer now for a good 5 minutes or so. The effective strategies were to work sufficiently and don’t get interrupted by other groups that are doing more talking than working.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, there really wasn't anything in which that limited my learning as we got our equipment at the beginning of the lesson and continued with our coding. This meant that we managed to get more of the work done. Also the habits I need to work on are to maybe ignore other groups around us as they were trying to mess around with us annoyingly during some parts of the lesson. It didn’t really bother us but it still was quite annoying.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I'll try to keep track of time as I did at one point have twelve minutes with the fun coding even though it was only meant to be ten minutes. Also next time, if the other groups are involving us in their silliness, then we will try harder not to join in with them, we will tell them to stop and then just ignore them so we don’t get into trouble. Lastly we should try and get the hang of setting up the fuse box as we did it incorrectly and it wasn’t working for quite a few minutes. I could improve my learning by reading through more books at home of how to do the coding for the fuse boxes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


