---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1mvpDSvbFIe7dO7aFZmrdH4po9voBSWgFbaElXUOPw_o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td><div>Coding with fuse boxes</div></td>
    <td> Date:</td>
    <td><div>25/09/17</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td><div>Assembling and starting with fuse boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td><div>To be familiar with fuse boxes</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td><div>No</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>Today in our I.T lesson, We were looking again at how to work out fuse boxes by using all of the right plugs and cables in the fuse box. Then we actually used them, by one person reading out the manual and the other one doing the coding. We were swapping every 10 minutes though so we both got to do the coding. The effective strategies were working quickly with the manual and coding. The one really annoying thing was that I was looking at the manual, whilst my partner kept on pressing the escape button. The next hitch happened was that the screen kept saying escape and then we couldn't change anything. Then I told him that we should shut down everything and then restart, he then takes that too far and unplugged the hdmi cable from the fuse box and plugged everything back in, the next thing I know was that the whole thing had crashed completely and we couldn’t get back into the coding we were doing.</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>The thing that limited my learning was that my partner messed everything up so for half of the lesson, we were trying to work out what to do and then before we knew it, it was the end of the lesson and we had made no progress yet again. This is really frustrating. The habit I need to work on is taking responsibility and controlling my partner if he is annoyingly touching keys AGAIN!</div></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><p>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><div>I need to work on taking control of the team and making sure that my partner doesn’t actually mess everything up again by pressing different keys. I will improve next week by seeing if we can actually ask the teacher for help, if we are completely stuck on again. I didn’t get to ask him because on other group were having a much bigger problem so he didn’t get round to us. The number one thing to improve on for next week is that: We will actually do some work!!!</div></td>
  </tr>
</table>


