---
title: Blog 2
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 15B8XaGz4hSjdMThqJFwSfuW3SvmGSaEHq_KWYMVNdfI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Code academy 2</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>30/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on with python </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this </td>
    <td>Complete the 1st stage</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Almost</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson we got about a full thirty-five possible minutes that we could have worked in to carry on with our python in codecademy. Mr Ampah-Korsah checked our blogs which took quite long, and also he taught us on all of the actual things that python language is used for in coding. My target was to get to stage 14 however I only managed to get to stage 12 meaning that I felt I didn't work as quickly as I could have however worked a bit quicker and done less talking.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In my opinion, the main thing that limited our learning was the fact that we only got 30 minutes worth of work time. This means I didn't work to my expectations as I thought that we would get a bit more if the working time. There was also that I was working much slower due to the fact that I got a bit distracted by talking to some of the other boys during the lesson instead of being on task which is what I should have done.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will aim to get to stage 5 of the next level because i am very close to finishing the first level in the python code academy. Hopefully, i will manage to be able to work as quick as i had managed to in the first week, completing 7 stages in the first 20 minutes of the lesson. I will try to help anyone if they ask me, but I won't get off task hopefully. Also next week there will be no blog due to the fact that it is a bank holiday weekend meaning I will only be posting in 2 weeks time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


