---
title: Blog 9
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-9/
source-id: 1fsHwvGXHjYLZTJj9r6RVKptKisJtobGD4EXXFXY3-ys
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Code academy 9</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>12/07/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on with html</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson </td>
    <td>Understanding what html does and how it works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Almost</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I was carrying on with my html that I started due to the fact that I managed to complete one hundred percent of python and my teacher told me to move on to the coding programme known as html. It was surprisingly a bit easier than I have expected due to the fact that I have had quite a lot of experience with this fro, using the programme to create this very blog that you are reading right now helping us to use github.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that nothing really limited my learning today again because we got the full 60 minutes of working time today again and I was working quite quickly however I did kind of go a bit off task with the html work because I needed to add all of the images of the badges that I collected over the period of the last few weeks to show and actually prove to you reading this that I have actually completed html and I am not lying to you guys.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next lesson which in fact will be our last ever I.T lesson for year 8. Meaning that I will have to delete this blog and restart it next year in September for my year 9 blog, I can try to actually work hard, quickly and sufficient for most of the lesson due to the fact that I didn't work that hard at all this lesson however for next lesson, I would not even have any images to put in their so it won’t take up that much time for me.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


