---
title: Blog 10
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-10/
source-id: 1FKbf7y0uiC3n4s_9ivEVHmurAlxLP-O7MSWunraEsZE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Code academy 10</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>26/07/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on + finishing html</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson </td>
    <td>To complete html</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I was hoping to carry on and finish html. Which is what I have done. Today being the last ever I.T lesson of year 8 meant that I worked the hardest that I could out of all of the lessons. Also the effective strategies were to think of my goal for what I wanted to achieve and i had that in my mind for the whole lesson and i managed to complete it by work quick, sufficient and not talking to my neighbours.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that nothing really limited my learning today again because we got the full 60 minutes of working time today again and I was working quite quickly. Also this being our last lesson, there is nothing for the habits that i need to work on section due to the fact that next year will be a completely different year. I did have a few bad lessons though so i guess that i will need to work more consistently in I.T in year 9.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time (as i said earlier) i would like to hopefully work more consistently throughout the year and also i would like to stay at the top of the class along with a more advanced blog learning to code more as I could learn how to make a much better and an advanced blog to help me learn throughout my school career.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


