---
title: Blog 6
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1cJRkQlsEZLRaqRCEOx2Bfqom0zcxF4AKP7RgPaN3B_M
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Code academy 6</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>21/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on with python </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this </td>
    <td>Complete a few more stages</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I was working very hard and I managed to complete 3 stages again meaning that I was working very quickly and sufficient. The effective strategies was to not actually talk to somebody and go off topic about it and I would be able to help them if they needed help and I would just go back to my own work once I'm finished with helping them. Also considering that last week I did not do very well in working with completing only 1 stage, I redeemed myself this week.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that nothing really limited my learning today because we got the full 60 minutes of working time today again and I didn't get distracted with anything in the whole lesson and also I could work on one habit which is just to stay consistent in weeks. As I have said in previous blogs, I work well one week but the next week I just let myself down. That is why next week I will hopefully be able to stay as hard-working and as consistent as possible.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will improve my learning by helping other students more as they ask me for help however I put myself first before them which is a very selfish thing to do (in my opinion) and also I can - as I said earlier - just practise working more consistent in my work and work at the same pace over and over again, that way I can just progress quicker I think.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NBuAyXQ9Tyj-z3UmUcvECghziGBfEd8o/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/10-nmqfQf-FRxTiEv3NcCXp49tSyO5tX6/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
