---
title: Blog 8
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-8/
source-id: 1Adyxnv2_IpeVKK0ywP_a3jLN4D-CEt8TPEnQGK6mR34
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Code academy 8</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>05/07/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Starting html</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson </td>
    <td>Understanding what html does and how it works</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Almost</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I was going to start learning the coding programme of html which is just like learning about python. I was doing this due to the fact that I have managed to complete python and I finished it off on Sunday 1st July in just the one day! I managed to complete 10 stages at home in one day because I worked really quickly by myself with no distractions as I was at home with nobody else around me.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that nothing really limited my learning today again because we got the full 60 minutes of working time today again and I was working quite quickly however I was helping other people and I was getting distracted a lot of the time and for most of the lesson. I did this because my IT teacher was not in the lesson at all meaning that it was much more temtpting for me to actually mess around and talk to my friends which is what I did for quite a lot of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will improve my learning by practising staying focused when the teacher leaves the lesson and we are by ourselves, I want to stay focused and to not talk about any other off topics subjects so I can show I can be trustworthy of working sufficiently by myself and also I can actually complete a few more stages whilst we are left alone.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


