---
title: Year 9 blog 1
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /year-9-blog-1/
source-id: 1C7AwZvjGFA_q0n7TYGyr2tAg66LdQVnzfuG6Ko39Bt8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Year 9 Blog 1</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>05/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Spreadsheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson </td>
    <td>To recreate my blog</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this first IT lesson of year 9 we didn't do very much work during the lesson because my mouse wasn’t working for some reason on the screen so I had to switch computers and that took at least 15 minutes. We didn’t get to do any work during the lesson but we were talking about it with our teacher. The work that we are doing is spreadsheets so our teacher just told us the basics of them and in next week's lesson we will be learning from them in more greater depth. The effective strategies were just listening as that was all there was needed.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that the thing that limited my learning was that i didn't get to to any actual work on the computer (the same as all of my class) due to the fact that time was really against us in the lesson and it just flew by without us knowing. Therefore there aren’t really any habits that I could have worked on during the lesson so I will assess that next week for the habits that I need to work on. My homework task was to delete my old blog and to create a completely new one as you guys could most probably work out. This means I can do different types of things that i didn’t do last year and I can expand my knowledge of coding.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As i explained earlier, there is nothing for me to change next time however i can improve my learning by researching on spreadsheets so I can expand my knowledge of the world of spreadsheets and I already have had quite a lot of experience with spreadsheets so I will try to go the extra mile of my knowledge and hopefully get time to research at home. That is really the only way that I could improve my learning but I will see next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


