---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 18JSwQ8LGqlGqxdgwHAiAgWwCAKaCuRA76wbo1zzXynQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Code academy 5</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>14/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on with python </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this </td>
    <td>Complete a few more stages</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Almost</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I wasn't that hard working or focused as I was getting distracted much more easier, talking to my friends about other topics that we wouldn’t have been talking about. Also I was talking to them and helping them but eventually we were off topic talking about something else. One effective strategy is that I did manage to complete 1 and a half stages from ignoring some friends who were trying to get my attention.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that nothing really limited my learning today because we got the full 60 minutes of working time today however me being pretty clever and good at this, I had to help some of the other boys if they were stuck meaning I lost some precious time. As I said earlier, the main habit I need to work on is that if I have one really good week like last time where I would really well, I just ruin that and I manage to have a less productive session the following week.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will improve my learning by helping other students however I do it quicker and try to get back to my own work because I am a kind of person who gets distracted very easily. Also I managed to talk quite a bit during silence time which really doesn't help my learning. So for next time I will change my working attitude and go in the lesson ready to learn and work hard.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


