---
title: Blog 1
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-1/
source-id: 16QWisEXeZbyD2mXf_NjgYQ_DTv801AMM-n22k_NmaIw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Starting python coding</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>23/04/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Being clueless on python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Know the basics of the python coding</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Partially</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, I learnt by using a coding program named `python`. It was basically an instruction manual and i worked along as i read what to do. Today I managed to complete part of the different levels. I got to level 7 and just about completed it. The effective strategies were to work quickly and sufficiently without getting distracted.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The main thing that limited my learning is that we only managed to get 20 minutes of work done in the lesson due to the fact that Mr Ampah-Korsa was talking and teaching us how to set up the program. Also we had to fully recreate our blog meaning dekte our old one and create a new one. (This is my new one what you're reading now). The habit I need to mainly work on is understanding all of the steps and reading everything before I get straight into experimenting with the coding. Because the better i understand it, the better I will come at it in the future.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will go over the instructions on each page twice meaning that I can fully understand it and also that I don't ask for help every now and then because I don’t read all of it properly. I can improve my learning by carrying on with the program at home so I can not fall behind as it is quite easy for me to do so.</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GAiBl_ybw3adua_ovFeQMEx5qbnX62nK/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

