---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1KzCSdyEeOIWfwaEC5IyinvPmhuq4V8s0J99gHuA155o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Code academy 3</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>14/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on with python </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this </td>
    <td>Complete the 1st stage + start the 2nd</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson we got about 40 minutes of productive work on our Code Academy in python. Unfortunately, this was the last lesson for this term meaning that we only got 3 lessons due to the end of year exam, bank holiday and the inset day. This lesson had a lot of productive work and i feel that i had worked as hard as possible as I could have today and the best that I have worked overall. I managed to complete 6 stages this lesson, the end of stage 1 and i managed to completed around half of it. My effective strategy for this lesson was working very hard and not talking to others.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that nothing really limited my learning in this learning however i do sit at the back of the classroom meaning that it is more tempting for me to talk to my classmates which is what I did in some parts of the lesson. The habit that i need to work on is not talking to other people sitting around me unless they want help however i should just stick to the topic instead of talking about other irrelevant things.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will aim to get to the end of stage 2 and start stage 3 meaning that i can get my badges. The way to improve my learning is also not to actually talk about other irrelevant things during the lessons wasting time and maybe i could achieve an extra stage in the amount of time that I talk.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


