---
title: Blog 4
layout: post
author: kavish.gandhi
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1dxGPMV51J59jGDil6DuU88IZ89qiUV-UjMsBknE-8qo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title: </td>
    <td>Code academy 4</td>
    <td>Date: </td>
    <td>07/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Carrying on with python </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this </td>
    <td>Complete a few more stages</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I was the most productive that I have been yet due to the fact that we got a full 60 minutes of work to carry on with code academy. I managed to complete 3 stages of code academy in just the one lesson. An effective strategy was to work quickly and focusing on my work whilst not getting distracted.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? What habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that nothing really limited my learning today due to the fact that we got the full 60 minutes, I didn't get distracted with my learning apart from helping other people and o was working by myself, always staying concentrated. The one habit I need to work on is trying to ask for help when I need it and don’t stay stuck on the same thing opportunity about ten minutes if I can’t do it. This has happened quite a few times to me before.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I Will try to ask for help quicker and not hesitate to do it. However I will still have a go with it before I ask for help as sometimes it is just using logic and I don't need help and other times it is when I really am stuck and then as I do need to ask for help from the teacher or my peers. To improve my learning, I could carry on with this at home and research some different things at home that I am stuck on or that I don’t understand them.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/12hFLDbdJRCTKn-3rH_dRt0bwSx8yD1Pu/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>
<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1khcheZutWu1TPFjpVW4csouUVwV1dYHY/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

